Data processing placholders description (#86)
vlobzakov/docs: docs/creating-manifest/placeholders.md

[17:43:36 CS.toBase64]: END HANDLE EVENT: application/install
[17:43:36 CS.toBase64]: END INSTALLATION: CS Placeholders - built-in data processing functions - toBase64  
```
### ${\*.fromBase64()} 

Data decoding example from Base64 format to plain text:

@@@
```yaml
type: install
name: CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions] - fromBase64

globals:
  test: dGVzdA==
  
onInstall:
- assert: "'${globals.test.fromBase64()}' == 'test'"
- assert: "'${globals.unknown.fromBase64()}' == ''"
- set:
    test2: dGVzdDI=
- set:
    test2: "${this.test2.fromBase64()}"
- assert: "'${this.test2}' == 'test2'"
```
```json
{
  "type": "install",
  "name": "CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions] - fromBase64",
  "globals": {
    "test": "dGVzdA=="
  },
  "onInstall": [
    {
      "assert": "'${globals.test.fromBase64()}' == 'test'"
    },
    {
      "assert": "'${globals.unknown.fromBase64()}' == ''"
    },
    {
      "set": {
        "test2": "dGVzdDI="
      }
    },
    {
      "set": {
        "test2": "${this.test2.fromBase64()}"
      }
    },
    {
      "assert": "'${this.test2}' == 'test2'"
    }
  ]
}
```
@@!

> Compare the output with this:

Reviewer: confusing

Author: updated

[11:40:02 CS:Placeholders.join:6]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '7;8;9' == '7;8;9'
[11:40:02 CS:Placeholders.join:7]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '7;8;9' == '7;8;9'
[11:40:03 CS:Placeholders.join:8]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '7,,8,,9' == '7,,8,,9'
[11:40:03 CS:Placeholders.join:9]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '7 8 9' == '7 8 9'
[11:40:04 CS:Placeholders.join:10]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: ' 10' == ' 10'
[11:40:04 CS:Placeholders.join:12]: script:  {"body":"return { result: 0, success: (getParam('value') == '{\"id\":10}id123')};","value":"{\"id\":10}id123"}
[11:40:04 CS:Placeholders.join:12]: script.response: {"result":0,"success":true}
[11:40:05 CS:Placeholders.join:13]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: true
[11:40:05 CS:Placeholders.join:14]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '{"id":10};123' == '{"id":10};123'
[11:40:06 CS:Placeholders.join:15]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '{"id":10}123' == '{"id":10}123'
[11:40:06 CS:Placeholders.join:16]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '11##' == '11##'
[11:40:07 CS:Placeholders.join:17]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: [1,
2,
3].join(',') === '1,2,3'
[11:40:07 CS:Placeholders.join]: END HANDLE EVENT: application/install
[11:40:07 CS:Placeholders.join]: END INSTALLATION: CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions - join
```

### ${\*.toJSON()}

> This placeholder returns an array of words or objects in JSON format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This placeholder returns structured data in JSON format. 
```

    },
    {
      "log": "${globals.print()}"
    }
  ]
}
```
@@!

Check the output for both placeholders ${\*.toJSON()} and ${\*.print()}:
```
[12:49:36 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print']: BEGIN INSTALLATION: CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions- toJSON/print'
[12:49:36 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print']: BEGIN HANDLE EVENT: {"envAppid":"","topic":"application/install"}
[12:49:37 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':1]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '[1,2,3]' == '[1,2,3]'
[12:49:38 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':2]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '{"a":1,"b":2,"c":3}' == '{"a":1,"b":2,"c":3}'
[12:49:38 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':3]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: [[
  1,
  2,
  3
]].join('') == '1,2,3'
[12:49:39 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':4]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '' == ''
[12:49:39 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':5]: [SUCCESS] ASSERT: '' == ''
[12:49:40 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print':6]:> {
  "array": [
    1,
    2,
    3
  ],
  "object": {
    "a": 1,
    "b": 2,
    "c": 3
  }
}
[12:49:40 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print']: END HANDLE EVENT: application/install
[12:49:40 CS:Placeholders.toJSON/print']: END INSTALLATION: CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions- toJSON/print'
```

### ${\*.contains()}

> This placeholder acts a regex that finds substring in a string.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This placeholder is used for checking if the specified element exists in the given list or not.  
```

  query: def
  
onInstall:
- assert: "${globals.array.contains(def)}"
- assert: "${globals.array.contains(jkl)} === false"
- assert: "${globals.array.contains([globals.query])}"
- assert: "${globals.array.contains([globals.array[0]])}"
- assert: "${globals.arrayOfObjects.contains(b, 2)}"
- assert: "${globals.unknown.contains(abc)} === false"
```
```json
{
  "type": "install",
  "name": "CS:Placeholders - built-in data processing functions] - contains",
  "globals": {
    "array": [
      "abc",
      "def",
      "ghi"
    ],
    "arrayOfObjects": [
      {
        "a": 1
      },
      {
        "b": 2
      },
      {
        "c": 3
      },
      {
        "def": 4
      }
    ],
    "query": "def"
  },
  "onInstall": [
    {
      "assert": "${globals.array.contains(def)}"
    },
    {
      "assert": "${globals.array.contains(jkl)} === false"
    },
    {
      "assert": "${globals.array.contains([globals.query])}"
    },
    {
      "assert": "${globals.array.contains([globals.array[0]])}"
    },
    {
      "assert": "${globals.arrayOfObjects.contains(b, 2)}"
    },
    {
      "assert": "${globals.unknown.contains(abc)} === false"
    }
  ]
}
```
@@!

> The result of such regex action is a boolean value: *true* or *false*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of such action is a Boolean value: *true* or *false*:
```
